# Week 3 Day 3

PRIMARY GOALS:
  - know what a `callback`, `anonymous function`, and `higher-order function` is.
  - understand how to approach functions that require callbacks
  - know how to use `Array.prototype.forEach`
  - can write higher-order functions that return functions
  - understand the difference between synchronous and asynchronous code
  - understand why callbacks are so vital is JS. (It's the only way to do something with the result of an asynchronous operation and a lot of JS is asynchronous)

LOGISTICS:
  - Use their understanding of `setTimeout` and `setInterval` to help them develop a formal understanding of callbacks and higher-order functions
  - I'll leave it up to you to decide how to talk about callbacks, but you want to give students a framework for approaching functions that use callbacks. How do you approach such functions? What do you think about? Impart the wisdom!
  - At this point in the course, you may have students who are falling dangerously behind. Ask them about their study habits and point them in the direction of the extra resources we've made available. If you have the bandwidth, you may even do mini-lectures on topics the weaker students didn't quite get while the other students work through the problem set.

STRESS THIS:
  - The style of a callback and higher order functions. It most likely looks very weird to students and they'll need to become accustomed to it.
  - Writing higher-order functions that return other functions! This is very important for both deepening their understanding of JavaScript and for getting into Bootcamps that stress those skills (aka Hack Reactor)
  - If you are passing in a callback to a higher-order function and the callback uses the `this` keyword, you need to `bind` the callback (see lecture notes for example).

NITTY GRITTY FACTS:
  - Name as many asynchronous operations as you can that would take place in a typically JS runtime.
