# Week 1 Day 1

**PRIMARY GOALS:**
  - Students can navigate their CLI
  - Students can run JS in both the Node REPL and a file
  - Students know the 5 primitive data types
  - Students know some basic string methods
  - Students know how to create variables
  - Students know how to create functions, use the `return` keyword, and specify formal parameters
  - Students know how to navigate and best utilize the course's github repo

**LOGISTICS:**
  - Today's lecture will be one of the longest. That's ok, just be sure to let the students know that the typical lecture isn't this long.
  - Don't forget to go over administrative stuff first
    - Strike System
    - Rules
    - Feedback Forms
    - Attendance Policy
    - Github Repo Tour
    - Do a short lecture on the using the command line, no longer than 10 minutes.
  - Walk through how they should approach the problem set. Maybe do the first one with them?

**STRESS THIS:**
  - Good style. Indentation, variable naming, use of whitespace. Always push them to do better. Be very picky.  
  - Encourage questions as much as possible.
  - Everything is evaluated in JavaScript. Primitive data evaluates to itself  
  - Parameters are evaluated before the function that they are being passed into
  - Using `return` does not print anything to the console
  - The difference between `return` and `console.log`
  - `+` is both addition and concatenation depending on the type of operand
  - Don't use `==`, only `===`


**NITTY GRITTY FACTS:**
  - What is the largest safe number in JavaScript?
  - JavaScript actually has 6 primitive data types. We only cover 5. What is the 6th primitive data type? (We don't cover it because it's not 100% standardized)
  - What will `-2 % 2` evaluate to? Explain.
  - Why are semi-colons important? Give me an example.
  - Which values in JavaScript are falsey? truthy?
  - What is the difference between `==` and `===`?
