# Week 1 Day 2

**PRIMARY GOALS:**
  - Students can formulate basic conditionals
  - Students know how to construct `if` and `if-else` statements
  - Students know how to construct `for` and `while` loops
  - Students understand that anything that can be done with a `for` loop can be done with a `while` loop
  - Students understand when to use `for`-loops vs `while`-loops
  - Students can spot an infinite loop
  - Students understand the `break` and `continue` keywords
  - Students understand the importance of good variable naming

**LOGISTICS:**
  - Walk them through the problem set and explain the different problem types if need be:
    - 'create this function' type problems
    - truth tables
    - debug this code
    - predict the output
    - evaluate this in your head, then check your answer
  - Be sure to include several moments in lecture when students are actually typing out code. Probably every time you introduce a new idea.
  - Don't be afraid to tell them to "look up" if there is something your'e doing that you need them to see.

**STRESS THIS:**
  - Good style. Indentation, variable naming, use of whitespace. Always push them to do better. Be very picky.  
  - the structure of a `for` loop makes it great for iterating over arrays
  - Confirm that they understand the difference between `return` and `console.log`
  - `else` statements cannot exist without an `if` statement before it.
  - `return`ing inside of an `if` statement will exit out of the function
  - How to spot an infinite loop. By looking at code. By running the file and seeing it never ends.
  - How you are processing any error messages that appear.
  - The expressions in the parentheses of a `for` are separated with semi-colons, not commas.


**NITTY GRITTY FACTS:**
