# Week 1 Day 3

PRIMARY GOALS:
  - how to construct arrays
  - understand that `array.length - 1` will always be the index of the last element, or `-1` for an empty array.
  - know how to use array methods
  - know how to use `split` and `join`
  - understand *what* abstraction is, how it can be implemented, and why it helps us deal with complexity in our programs

LOGISTICS:
  - Use the lecture notes to walk through the decomposition talk.
   1. First help them understand the problem. Read the prompt. Vocalize how you are understanding the problem.
   2. Go through the un-decomposed solution. Warn students that it'll be though. That the goal isn't to understand it yet, but to understand the value of decomposition. But try your best to get them to understand what's happening.
   3. Go through the decomposed solution. Stress how much easier it is to reason about.

STRESS THIS:
  - If they are not looking at/typing out the solutions, they are doing themselves a disservice.
  - Good style. Indentation, variable naming, use of whitespace. Always push them to do better. Be very picky.  
  - How to process the information given in a prompt. Formulating an idea of the solution.
  - They understand how to find out if a number is prime.
  - Which methods return new objects and which methods mutate the object they are called from
  - The value of good abstraction (and maybe what good abstraction means)
  - Checking if two array are equal with `===` will not work.


NITTY GRITTY FACTS:
  - What is the significance of arrays being contiguous in memory?
  - How would to check to see if two arrays are equal (contains the same elements at the same position)?
  - What is good abstraction?
