# Week 1 Day 4

PRIMARY GOALS:
  - understand what and object is and why it is useful
  - know how to create new key-value pairs
  - know how to iterate over an object with the `for in` loop
  - understand the difference between dot and bracket notation
  - understand the difference between and method and a function
  - understand what `this` represents inside of an object
  - know how to run and read mocha tests

LOGISTICS:
  - Reference [the mocha notes](https://github.com/appacademy/Bootcamp-Prep-Curriculum/blob/master/w1/d4/mocha.md) when showing students what mocha is for and how to install
  - This lecture is complex and will run a little long. You **must** leave room at the end to help students download mocha and get used to it. We suggest doing the first few problems with them. This process typically take about an 30 minutes. Perhaps come together toward the end of class and work through one of the cookeMonster functions
  - Let students know that mocha will be used for assessments, so they should practice the mocha workflow with cookieMonster.
  - Inform the students that `this` is a complex topic and we going to keep reintroducing it throughout the course to understand it on deeper levels.
  - Tell students to go through the [assessment submitting guide](https://github.com/appacademy/Bootcamp-Prep-Curriculum/blob/master/w1/d5/taking_assessments.md) before the next class, so they are familiar with the process


STRESS THIS:
  - For now, it's fine if they think of `this` as the object that the method is inside defined on.
  - Good style with object!  
  - Why prefer bracket to dot notation and vice-versa.
  - Objects allow us to create more interesting models
  - key-value pairs are separated with a comma, and keys and values are separated with a colon.


NITTY GRITTY FACTS:
  - How long goes it take to find a key in an object?
  - When is it preferable to use bracket to dot notation?
