# Supplemental Problems

You just took the last assessment! Congratulations you've complete Bootcamp Prep Online. What's next??

In this chapter, we're going to start by giving you two websites that have several other programming problems that you can tackle as you continue to hone and improve your skills.

## Project Euler
The first of these sites is called **Project Euler**. Named after the famous mathematician, Project Euler contains relatively hard programming questions that focus on various topics in mathematics.

Feel free to check out the site here: [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/)

We have selected 4 problems from this site that we think are solvable given the skills you've learned in this course. Below you'll find a description of the problem along with the answer. After you code up your solution, compare your solution to our answer. If they don't match, then you need to try again :) Once you've solved these, try solving other Project Euler problems if you want. We've had former Bootcamp Prep Students get to question \#14. Can you beat that?

#### Multiples of 3 and 5
**Problem 1**

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000. **Answer:** 233168

#### Largest Palindrome Product
**Problem 2**

A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.

Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers. **Answer:** 906609

#### Smallest Multiple
**Problem 3**

2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.

What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20? **Answer:** 232792560

#### Even Fibonacci Numbers
**Problem 4**

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms. **Answer:** 4613732

## CoderByte

CoderByte is another website that has several fun programming problems, just without the mathematical bias of Project Euler. Check out their site here: [CoderByte](https://coderbyte.com)
