# Week 2 Day 2

PRIMARY GOALS:
  - understand how to compose data structures to suit needs
  - understand how to construct and utilize multi-dimensional arrays
  - understand how to make nested loops and how to iterate over multi-dimensional arrays
  -

LOGISTICS:
  - Start with the lecture on nested loops and multi-dimensional arrays. By the end they should understand the `pairZero` problem, and why they have to start the inner loops iterator at `i + 1`. This portion of the lecture should be quick.
  - Go over data modeling and why it's important. Feel free to look at the lecture notes for a list of sample scenarios.
  - The majority of the day should be spent doing the data modeling exercises.
    * Have them download `data_model1.js` and `data_model2.js`. You can do this by viewing RAW, and right-click save.
    * Be sure to give them a context. How should they read the file? How should they test their code?
    * Don't do the bonuses. That's a challenge for students to do on their own.
    * Tell the strong students to move on if they want. **You should only go as fast as the slowest student.** It's important that they get this.
    * Encourage students to work together.
    * It's fine if this takes the rest of day.
  - Now is the time to start telling the best students that you want someone else to answer the questions!

STRESS THIS:
  - Using context to figure out the data type of a variable.
    * Example: if are iterating over a variable, it's probably an array
  - How the JS interpreter evaluates the code.

NITTY GRITTY FACTS:
  - You should try solving the bonus questions!
